{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c39216\c39216\c39216;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15880\viewh23280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 11/20/2017:\
-Add offers sent via e-mail (used vehicle offers will be at the top of the e-blast) \
-Place in (4) square layout like reference \
Then the New Car offers horizontal, so one on the top of the other\
-New Car Offers:\
2018 Mercedes-Benz 250 4MATIC\'ae SUV\
Stock # JJ440890\
$299/mo. + tax\
$3,300 due at signing\
\
2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 4MATIC\'ae SUV\
Stock# JV040417\
$449/mo. + tax\
$4,500 due at signing\
\
-After,\
\
Add Banner with Copy:\
\'93Great savings on remaining 2017 models\'94\
Then the 2 column (4 square) with the the offers below:\
\
2017 Mercedes-Benz C 300 4MATIC\'ae\
Get up to $9,000 off MSRP\
\
2017 Mercedes-Benz GLE 43 4MATIC\'ae\
Get up to $9,000 off MSRP\
\
2017 Mercedes-Benz E 300 4MATIC\'ae\
Get up to $10,000 off MSRP\
\
2017 Mercedes-Benz S 550 4MATIC\'ae\
Get up to $21,000 off MSRP\
\
Then make banner big across the bottom of the 4 above:\
\'93Get Up to $35,000 off MSRP remaining AMG\'ae models\'94\
CTA \'93View Inventory\'94\
Link: https://www.mbwestminster.com/new-mercedes-benz-amg-inventory.html\
Disclaimers:\
GLA 250 4MATIC\'ae \'96 36-month lease. MSRP $38,195, 10k annual miles, with approved credit through Mercedes-Benz Financial. Due at signing: $3,300 ($1,906 cap cost reduction, and $1,095 acq. fee - 1st mo. payment included). Includes $599 dealer fee. Tax, tag and title extra. No security required. Expires 11/30/2017 \
\
GLC 300 4MATIC\'ae \'96 36-month lease. MSRP $44,975, 10k annual miles, with approved credit through Mercedes-Benz Financial. Due at signing: $4,500 ($2,956 cap cost reduction, and $1,095 acq. fee - 1st mo. payment included). Includes $599 dealer fee. Tax, tag and title extra. No security required. Expires 11/30/2017
\f1 \cf2  	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 *Discounts valid on remaining new in-stock units only at Mercedes-Benz of Westminster, while supplies last. Financing with approved credit through MBFS. See dealer for full details. Offers expire 11/30/17. \
\
Keep the ICO banner in the footer of the e-blast\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
11/14/2017:\
\
\
pls review:\
https://web-assets.net/email/MOW/52918/52918.html\
\
\
11/13/2017:\
-Remove copy \'93Black Friday New Car Specials\'94 under the hero \
-Swap the red on the CTA buttons for another color, red and luxury brand gives me sad face\
-Change the font color on the monthly payments also \
-Remove the GLS 450 offer so the ad is balance with only (4) offers rather than (5)\
-Remove the GLS disclaimer\
\
11/13/2017:\
\
\
pls review:\
https://web-assets.net/email/MOW/52918/52918.html\
}