{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23760\viewh24480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Reference 53052 CONI conquest e-blast and update it for MCDN\
-Same creative, same copy, update with MCDN offers below \
-Vendor: Take 5\
\
-Make e-blast compliant\
Use full vin rather than Stock# in vehicle offers\
\
\
2017 Nissan Sentra S\
Your Price $16,865\
MSRP $19,365\
Stock# -Y391070\
Two ore more at this price\
\'a0\
2017 Rogue S\
Your Price $23,030\
MSRP $25,920\
Stock# W154626\
Two ore more at this price\
\'a0\
2017 Altima 2.5 S\
Your Price $21,615\
MSRP $24,710\
Stock#  N362973\
Two ore more at this price\
\'a0\
2017 Murano S\
Your Price $28,470\
MSRP $32,170\
Stock# XXXXXX\
Two or more at this price\
\'a0\
2017 Pathfinder SL\
Your Price $35,260\
MSRP $40,110\
Stock# XXXXXX\
Two or more at this price\
\
\'a0\
2017 Frontier King Cab S\
Your Price $21,425\
MSRP 23,925\
Stock# N776131\
Two or more at this price\
\
Update Service Coupons from reference for MCDN\
-Change price on 4-Wheel Alignment coupon to $69.95\
-Change oil change coupon offer to \'93 $10 off ANY oil change\'94\
-Change Wash & Vacuum coupon offer to \'93Free Vehicle Safety Inspection\'94\
Inspection Coupon Disclaimer: \'93 
\b Appointment required.
\b0  Must present when service order is written. Nissan and INFINITI only conventional motor oil only and some models may be higher. One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers. Not applicable to prior purchases. Not responsible for typographical or printing errors. Other restrictions may apply. EXP: 11/30/2017\
}