{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16500\viewh18240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 -Reference 52717 MCDN service e-blast template to create a service e-blast for PCDJ\
-Swap the Nissan vehicle image in the hero for a CDJR line up with leaves (leaves like reference job, fall colors like the reference job)\
Update Hero Copy:\
Paulding Chrysler Dodge Jeep RAM\
Time to fall into winter\
Let our service department help you prepare so we don\'92t meet by accident. \
\
-Remove the Nissan one to one rewards banner - nothing will replace it HUGE banner to really feature our top service offer:  Buy 3 tires get of tire for $1\
Disclaimer: Must present when service order is written.  One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers.  Not applicable to prior purchases.  Not responsible for typographical or printing errors.  Other restrictions may apply.  EXP: 11/30/17\
\
-Remove for ALL service coupons the below copy:\
\'93Please print advertisement redeem.\'94\
\
Service Coupon Offers:\
\
Offer: $20 OFF Front or Rear Brake Pad Installation \
Disclaimer: Purchase of front or rear brake pads required to redeem discount on installation. Must present when service order is written.  One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers.  Not applicable to prior purchases.  Not responsible for typographical or printing errors.  Other restrictions may apply.  EXP: 11/30/17\
\
Offer: Free Wipers Installation \
Disclaimer: Purchase of wipers required to redeem free installation. Must present when service order is written.  One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers.  Not applicable to prior purchases.  Not responsible for typographical or printing errors.  Other restrictions may apply.  EXP: 11/30/17\
\
Offer: 0% APR on service repairs\
Disclaimer: 0% APR financing on service repairs with approved credit through Chrysler Capital. Must inquire when service order is written.  One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers.  Not applicable to prior purchases.  Not responsible for typographical or printing errors.  Other restrictions may apply.  EXP: 11/30/17\
\
Offer: Test Drive while you wait\
$10 OFF any service repair \
Disclaimer: Test drive required to redeem discount offer. Must present when service order is written.  One coupon per customer. May not be combined with other offers.  Not applicable to prior purchases.  Not responsible for typographical or printing errors.  Other restrictions may apply.  EXP: 11/30/17\
\
-update all dealership information\
-Update links\
-update phone # 844.339.1270}